	The morning mist hung in the air as light from the rising sun penetrated the stillness of the forest. The sound
of birds chirping and trees groaning in the light breeze notified the waking of the glade from its slumber. Savarax Exin
awoke from his sleep as rays of sun started to beat down on his forehead. He was wrapped in a light deerskin blanket, 
sword and morningstar well within reach. He stretched and woke his stubborn body from its sleep looking out into the glade.
Not far off a stream bubbled and a woodpecker could be heard hammering into a nearby tree. 
It was a beautiful morning, but the serenity didn't last long. In the distance he heard the drums, their deep and rhythmic drone was unmistakable. The war party was close, catching up by the day. At this rate he would be caught by the end of the week, and they weren't there to recapture him.
Savarax frowned, put the deerskin blanket over his shoulders with clever hands and feet, and went deep into the forest with holding his sword.
Without knowing how long he had been walking, he suddenly heard someone was calling his name:
"Savarax Exin!"
He looked around, surprisely found that there is a small cabin! A girl poked her head out of the door. Obviously, the voice came from her. 

The girl told him to quickly come inside and hide.  The cabin was quaint and quiet.  The girl was friendly and told him he could stay as long as he liked but he knew there was a good chance they would find him here.  As he settled in, he became drowsy.  He had been on edge for several weeks and couldn't remember the last time he had a good night sleep.  The girl introduced herself as Ardelle Arleth.  Ardelle offered him a couch to rest on.  As soon as his head hit the pillow, Savarax fell into a deep, dreamless, much needed sleep.  Savarax awoke to a searing pain in his neck.  His eyes shot open as he was greeted by a devlish smile and a knife poised at his jugular.

Savarax's hand shot up and grabbed Ardelle's wrist. In an instant she was on the ground. He immediately fled the house. That will teach him to not trust strangers.
